#summary INDE Documentation
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy,Phase-Design

= Documentation =

*INDE* _Version 2.0.0 | PUBLIC BETA_ - Copyright © 2011 Sekati LLC and its licensors. All rights reserved.

This file contains important information. Review this information before using this version of INDE.


== What is INDE ==

INDE is an _Integrated Development Environment_ designed to deliver a standardized Eclipse distribution that meets the needs of the interactive developer/team.

INDE aims to not only fill the void between FlashTM BuilderTM & FDT but also provided a central platform for other mobile, web, RIA and other new media developments (such as PHP, HTML, CSS, XML-XSLT, JavaScript, Java EEE, SQL and more) while focusing on a standardized workspace, streamlining Eclipse's workflow and integrating team version control (SVN/Git).

It is important to note that INDE is a custom, pre-configured Eclipse distribution built using many key open source and commercial plugins (please check the _What's Included_ section below for more details on required commercial licenses).


== What's New? ==

A highly customized Eclipse "Galileo"/FDT4/WTP/PDT base with better performance, stability & feature set including:

  * INDE2 is now a 64-bit Eclipse Distribution! 
  * Sekati Flash Project Wizard - FDT Template! 
  * OpenScreenManager.app - FDT Template Support 
  * Air Mobile Development Project Templates & Wizards (Android/iOS)! 
  * Updated library of many Code Completion Templates 
  * Updated FlexSDK's beyond FDT Core Libraries: Flex 3.5, 4.0, 4.1, 4.5
  * Large library of Code Color Themes & Color Theme support from [http://eclipsecolorthemes.org eclipsecolorthemes.org] 
  * Better support for HTML/5, CSS3, JavaScript, PHP, SQL! 
  * New Subversive SVN plugin! 
  * New Git Version Control Support! 
  * Better Apache Workspace Indexing, Icons, INDE Branding (for better ad hoc presentation)! 
  * ... much much more!


== What's Included ==

INDE is built using the following plugins:

  * [http://www.eclipse.org/ Eclipse]
  * [http://www.eclipse.org/subversive/ Subversive / SVNKit 1.7]
  * [http://www.eclipse.org/egit/ EGit / JGit]
  * [http://www.eclipse.org/pdt/ PDT]
  * [http://www.eclipse.org/webtools/ WTP]
  * [http://www.eclipsecolorthemes.org/ Eclipse Color Themes]
  * [http://fdt.powerflasher.com/ FDT]

INDE ships with a few peripheral projects to support FDT and Flash™/Flex™ Development:
  * [http://sekati.googlecode.com/ Sekati API]
  * [http://tweener.googlecode.com/ Tweener]


== Requirements ==

  * MacOS X 10.5 or later.
  * Minimum Processor: >= 1Ghz 64-bit Intel.
  * Minimum Memory: >= 2Gb.
  * Mimimum Disk Space: >= 2Gb
  * Java VM >= 1.6.x
  * Flash CS5 (optional)


== Getting Started ==

  # Set your Flash ASO Cache in FDT preferences (`preferences->fdt->Flash->Flash ASO Directory`) e.g: `/Users/jason/Library/Application Support/Adobe/Flash CS4/en/Configuration/Classes/aso`
  # Register your own key for the commercial FDT 5 plugin key (`Help->FDT License`).
  # Launch INDE2.app and do an SVN Update (_CNTRL+U_) on _sekati & sasapi_ projects to insure you have the latest utilities and frameworks. Feel free to adjust or add new core libraries as needed.

*Please Note:* INDE _must_ be installed in `/Applications/inde2` and your workspace remain `/Applications/inde2/workspace` to function properly. If desired you may create an alias to a more convenient location such as your home directory or desktop.


== INDE Key-Binding ==

There are a number of useful key-bindings INDE adds as well as several native to FDT and Eclipse WTP. Here is a brief listing of the more useful hot keys - for more please see [http://code.google.com/p/fdtkit/wiki/Shortcuts FDTKit Shortcut Wiki]. 

|| *Key* || _Functionality_ ||
|| CTRL + S || SVN Commit ||
|| CTRL + Z || SVN Revert ||
|| CTRL + A || SVN Add ||
|| CTRL + U || SVN Update ||
|| CTRL + I || SVN Ignore ||
|| CTRL + L || SVN Cleanup||
|| CTRL + E || SVN Export ||
|| CTRL + B || SVN Branch/Tag ||
|| CTRL + R || SVN Rename/Refactor ||
|| CTRL + O || Outline View ||
|| CTRL + T || Ant View ||
|| CTRL + C || Console View ||
|| CTRL + F || FDT Perspective ||
|| CTRL + P || Profiler Perspective ||
|| CTRL + D || Debug Perspective ||
|| CTRL + H || PHP Perspective ||
|| CTRL + N || SVN Perspective ||
|| CTRL + G || Git Perspective||
|| CTRL + J || JavaScript Perspective||
|| CTRL + X || Remote System Explorer Perspective ||
|| CMD + R || Refresh||
|| CMD + 1  / CTRL + 1 || Quick Fix || 
|| CMD + ENTER || Run/Debug ||
|| CTRL + ENTER || Run/Debug (Last Launched)||


== Additional Licenses and Copyrights ==

By installing this product, in addition to the Sekati LLC license terms, you also agree to be bound by the third-party terms, provided to you within the product plugin documentation. Sekati LLC recommends that you review these third-party terms.